what is up impact abyss thanks to you
guys we just crossed 500,000 subs on
YouTube everyone here is freaking out we
are so excited because we have been
working at this for a long time and I
know that a lot of people say that the
numbers don't matter but for us because
we want to touch as many lives as
humanly possible and have the biggest
impact as possible we want to scale this
thing as big as we can so we're super
honored and grateful to you guys for
helping us grow as fast as we've grown
and as a part of this we're doing a big
giveaway a lot of people wrote in to
enter the contest and we have the
winners right now first up we have 550
dollars off IT merch and number one is
Brandon Zachary then Stephen woo Paul
Conroy
Cynthia Estrada and Kevin Phillip Chase
is gonna be reaching out to you guys
it's gonna send you an email
he's got your stuff next up is five
signed posters of the impact theory
belief system we have eret cold keep
shove hem pandey lucas keller mo Saleem
and Austin Waldo again Chase is gonna
reach out to you guys and make sure that
you get your prizes last but not least
we have five one-on-one calls with me
where you can get any question that you
want answered or we can just chit chat
however you want to use the call how
long are the calls 15 minutes alright 5
101 15 minute calls with me and the
winners are Casper Schneider Jon Soren
Timothy Patang Trish Davis and Jasdeep
sandy all right again Chase is gonna
reach out and we have now sorry I said
the last one was last but it's not this
is our grand prize winner I think this
is last yes
alright in honor of our 500,000 subs on
YouTube our grand prize winner of
winning one of everything that we just
listed so $50 off I team merch the
signed impact here we believe system
poster and the one on one call with me
is drumroll please Daniel Ramirez
alright everybody congratulations to you
all thank you so much for entering and
most of all thank you for being a part
of this amazing community watching you
guys support each other
is one of the most incredible things
I've ever seen in my life our YouTube
community is absolutely breathtaking so
again with all the gratitude in the
world thank you guys so much for helping
us hit this huge milestone we're
eternally grateful alright guys until
next time be legendary
take care
you